BEARWARE.DK FREEWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT
--------------------------------------
Except otherwise noted, all of the documentation and software included
in the TeamTalk distribution is copyrighted by BearWare.dk. Should you
have any questions regarding this license or the software included,
please email contact@bearware.dk.


Important - Read Carefully
--------------------------
This license agreement is a legal agreement between you (either an
individual or a single entity) and BearWare.dk regarding the use of
the TeamTalk distribution. By installing, copying, or otherwise using
the software, you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. If
you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, do not install or use
the software.


FREEWARE LICENSE
----------------
This software is being distributed as Freeware. It may be freely used,
copied and distributed as long as it is not sold, and all original
files are included in their original form, including this license. You
are NOT allowed to make a charge for distributing this software
(either for profit or merely to recover your media and distribution
costs) whether as a stand-alone product, or as part of a compilation
or anthology, without explicit prior written permission. By using this
software, you agree to these terms and the terms of the Disclaimer
below:

Disclaimer of Warranty
---------------------------------------------------------------- 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND
EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
